* What does this plugin actually do?

If you familiar with the HTML5 "placeholder" attribute, then imagine you wanted to use that technique, but instead of using text, you wanted to use an image instead.
That's what this plugin does; it has basically the same behaviour as placeholder text but with using an image instead.

* Can you use an image AND placeholder text together?

Yes! Whilst this technique can be accomplished with plain CSS I decided to include the option in the plugin for completeness. To achieve this effect, just set the
"remove_current" option to false; note though, that if you set the padding via the options you may encounter some padding issues in IE8 - 10; to avoid these issues
always set the padding yourself in your CSS.

What if the user has JavaScript disabled? Does the script degrade gracefully?

Yes. If the user doesn't have JavaScript enabled the script will degrade gracefully and will show the placeholder text instead of the image; that is why you should always
set the placeholder text even when using this script.

* Do I have to find this to every element separately that I want to use a different image on?

No! Because you specify the image itself via a data attribute you can apply it to as many elements as you want with the selector; the only thing the elements will share
will be the same options you set, but the images will all be based off of what you set in the data tag within the element itself.

* Does it work with other placeholder plugins?

If you are using a global placeholder plugin in your site and have the option "remove_current" for phImage set to true (the default setting) just make sure to put
the phImage code BEFORE the other placeholder script code. This is because if the field that you have applied phImage to has a current text placeholder, phImage will
remove this value before the other placeholder script gets to it.

If you have the option "remove_current" for phImage set to false then it doesn't matter where you place the code in relation to your other placeholder plugin; but it's
always your best bet to place it BEFORE the other placeholder script code in-case you change the options for phImage.